Updating Metrics for 1.3 Changes (#1954)
dbt-labs/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/guides/migration/versions/05-upgrading-to-v1.3.md

> For users of [state-based selection](understanding-state): This release includes logic providing backwards and forwards compatibility for older manifest versions. While running dbt Core v1.3, it should be possible to use `state:modified --state ...` selection against a manifest produced by dbt Core v1.0+.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For users of [state-based selection](understanding-state): This release includes logic providing backward and forward compatibility for older manifest versions. While running dbt Core v1.3, it should be possible to use `state:modified --state ...` selection against a manifest produced by dbt Core v1.0 and higher.
```

- **[Python models](building-models/python-models)** are natively supported in `dbt-core` for the first time, on data warehouses that support Python runtimes.

> - **[Metrics](building-a-dbt-project/metrics)** have been updated to reflect their new syntax for definition, as well as additional attributes that are now available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Updates made to **[Metrics](building-a-dbt-project/metrics)** reflect their new syntax for definition, as well as additional attributes that are now available.
```

Docs in progress: [Issues labeled "dbt-core v1.3"](https://github.com/dbt-labs/docs.getdbt.com/issues?q=is%3Aissue+label%3A%22dbt-core+v1.3%22+)

> - **[`node_color` now a supported `docs` attribute](/docs/reference/resource-configs/docs.md)**: You can add custom colors to the dbt docs lineage (DAG) graph. For the first time, you can physically visualize layers within the DAG, such as bronze, silver, and gold.

Reviewer: so cool! removed the dbt docs lineage since dag was spelled out in the beginning of the doc.

```suggestion
- **[`node_color` now a supported `docs` attribute](/docs/reference/resource-configs/docs.md)**: You can add custom colors to the DAG. For the first time, you can physically visualize layers within the DAG, such as bronze, silver, and gold.
```
